README.md, before:

# nomis-clj-repl-tools

Clojure REPL tools.

**This documentation tracks the `master` branch. Consult the relevant Git tag (e.g. `0.1.2`) if you need documentation for a specific release.**


## Installation

Current version:

[![Clojars Project](https://img.shields.io/clojars/v/nomis-clj-repl-tools.svg)](https://clojars.org/nomis-clj-repl-tools)


## Usage

### classpath

A function that returns the classpath as a sequence of strings.

### move-ns-tree

A function that moves a namespace tree (that is, a Clojure code directory). This is done by calling `clojure.tools.namespace.move/move-ns` for all namespaces in the directory and its subdirectories.

### move-ns-++

A function that calls `clojure.tools.namespace.move/move-ns` with a `source-path` arg of `["dev" "src" "test" "src/clj" "test/clj"]`.

### move-ns-tree-++

A function that calls `move-ns-tree` with a `source-path` arg of `["dev" "src" "test" "src/clj" "test/clj"]`.


## License

Copyright © 2018-2020 Simon Katz

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License either version 1.0 or (at your option) any later version.

Commit message:

Add `ns-names` and `ns-names-matching-re` to README

README.md, after:

# nomis-clj-repl-tools

Clojure REPL tools.

**This documentation tracks the `master` branch. Consult the relevant Git tag (e.g. `0.1.2`) if you need documentation for a specific release.**


## Installation

Current version:

[![Clojars Project](https://img.shields.io/clojars/v/nomis-clj-repl-tools.svg)](https://clojars.org/nomis-clj-repl-tools)


## Usage

### classpath

A function that returns the classpath as a sequence of strings.

### ns-names

A function that returns s sequence of all ns names.

### ns-names-matching-re

A function that returns s sequence of all ns names matching a regex.

### move-ns-tree

A function that moves a namespace tree (that is, a Clojure code directory). This is done by calling `clojure.tools.namespace.move/move-ns` for all namespaces in the directory and its subdirectories.

### move-ns-++

A function that calls `clojure.tools.namespace.move/move-ns` with a `source-path` arg of `["dev" "src" "test" "src/clj" "test/clj"]`.

### move-ns-tree-++

A function that calls `move-ns-tree` with a `source-path` arg of `["dev" "src" "test" "src/clj" "test/clj"]`.


## License

Copyright © 2018-2020 Simon Katz

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License either version 1.0 or (at your option) any later version.
